---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/kitchen-notes/2025/09-sep/w37/2025-09-13-sat/"}
---

- Black guy asked me where is the kitchen lighter. I said IDK. Then he tried to use the bright pink bic lighter Severo bought a while ago. He couldn't light it up then threw the ligher away to the food garbage bin. 
- Tonight Dave asked me if anyone planned to take out the trash. I said I didn't plan to because since I took the trash out at 31st August, in the last 13 days no one else took the trash out. He told me he took the trash out on 7th of Sep, it is not his turn now. IMHO, if anyone took the trash out I'd have noticed, I'd seen the trash empty or almost empty the next day when I used the kitchen. Then he told me he almost always is the one cleaning the stoves. I said that's not true, I cleaned both stoves, and I not only cleaned the top of the stoves but the sides, knobs and even the lids. He asked me if I had any records. I had some pics I have taken in my phone but I have not organized them and label them so it was hard to prove him when I did it last time. So to avoid any further confusion or misunderstanding, I'm now starting these more organized notes, on my Obsidian, and publishing them online using Digital Garden plugin. I believe this will hold as good evidence of what I did in the kitchen, with timestamps, github repo updates and pictures and videos I take as further proof that I'm not just writing things without doing them. I'll upload pics and videos to Imgur, so that I don't have bloat on my Obsidian vault. I'll link to imgur files and folders from my notes. These notes can also be much more detailed than a few characters I can write on the annual calendar of 2024 that is on the kitchen wall. 